Executable Ad reporting events   
The executable ad reports some life cycle events during its lifetime. To get these notifications the hosting application should provide an observer/listener, implementing corresponding protocol/interface. The hosting client will be notified when:     • ad was initialized and is ready to play (ad loaded event - STATE_LOADED),    • ad has started playing (ad started event – STATE_STARTED)   • ad was stopped (ad stopped event with reason (of type String – STATE_STOPPED))   • an error occurred during the ad life cycle (ad error event – STATE_ERROR)   
Error handling   Errors may occur during login, when requesting an ad or during the executable ad playback.       Login errors   The XAAF SDK will handle all login errors internally. No action is needed by the hosting app.      
XAAF SDK Integration Guide (JS-You.i)   
   
  
Error when requesting an ad   In case an ad is requested before the SDK is initialized, an executable ad will be returned but will be in the STOPPED state, with the hosting app getting a lifecycle notification.      Executable ad errors   When the executable ad has a failure, the hosting client will be notified by an unrecoverable error event, accompanied by an error object containing additional information pertaining to an error. If such error happens, the ad UI will be removed from the container.   The executable ad object should be released in this case. The hosting client should continue as usual and can request another executable ad for the next ad opportunity.       Non-fatal error (warning)   
When the hosting client does not follow the executable ad life cycle expectations, a warning event will be sent to the hosting client stating an “invalid state transition”. After such a warning, the executable ad can continue with its life cycle.     